Edits to PGD: document compatibility with EPAS automatic partitioning… (#6300)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5.6/scaling.mdx

[`bdr.autopartition_disable()`](/pgd/latest/reference/autopartition#bdrautopartition_disable)
to disable autopartitioning on the given table.

## Restrictions on EDB Postgres Advanced Server-native automatic partitioning

> EDB Postgres Advanced Server-native automatic partitioning isn't supported in PGD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EDB Postgres Advanced Server-native automatic partitioning is not supported in PGD.
```
